I
Calm down Morty. I'm almost done collecting Citadel wreckage. I am calm your fidget spinning has a passive aggressiveness to it
I can be calm and bored. You're a million years late on that thing anyways didn't the Egyptians invent those fashion cyclical babe
Oh
People living here are the refugees clones bio trash
Everyone got sucked back to their reality of origin that happened right exactly the Citadel was basically a factory farm for spare bodies
That portal reset sucked them all back. Oh, we don't want to stop here
This is the Morty part of town if you know what I'm saying. Let's touch down over there
Alright Morty grab the sealant. I'll make this quick
Damn, this is nice corn
Thank you. Whoa. All right
Take it easy old timer. I've heard about loners like this Morty
What are you doing on my land trying to leave it as quickly as possible leave faster Jesus?
I was fixing it when you cock the gun
See done
Billy what's that this deal Morty I can't imagine anything worse than having to know
I
My whole Saturday
Sunday
I was thinking about way
Lay down my weapons is what I've done
Too late to hide be too soft to run
People say
We're closed get the fuck out of here. Sorry. He says that every time you come in
Widgets digits fertilizer. Hey, hey doc. Did we salvage any more of those processors?
I
40s huh, you're the worst
Oh
Look what we got
All right, are you one of us did we have an overalls guy just trying to leave with my stuff?
Oh wait, you live around here. We don't need to get acquainted. Ah got that right motherfucker
Down boy
You cracked that gene lock yet boss is getting antsy. This is the one
Oh
What a haul the ship smells like Morty farts now, where's my money? Ah job Rick take him upstairs
You like football what just making small talk long elevator
And
Well nah my associates here tell me you rusted up quite the score our job. You're a normal job, please I
Come on log while we wait you ever wonder why I'm an overweight southern railroad Baron see
I was cloned to be the mascot of a citadel gumbo chain get your mouth rounded
But big ricks gumbo hut is trash now
Whole citadel is trash now and they ain't no pecking order amongst the trash. What are you topia?
It will be once I have the requisite mod is we can all be Kings here mr. Trafficker
Good luck with that. Don't go spinning it all in one place
Feel free to generate no accent at all
Oh
What the fuck
Yeah
What are you doing here get the fuck out of my car coming with you to rescue our friends?
I'm not going to rescue your friends. I'm going to kill those guys who stole my shit. Yeah, exactly
It's the same guys it is the same guys. Let's just in the space or keep driving
Fucking morties. Hey, man. You're the one who built this truck with a backseat if you die you die
Wow back on an adventure
With a with a with a with a Rick close your eyes and it's like nothing changed some changes good
We had our own town man. We were free. Hey, you know my Rick wasn't so bad
You used to take me in summer to the park. No, we didn't I have the same memory. It's fabricated taking me in summer to the park
And who said it all your ricks don't have many original ideas do you?
And you're the arbiter of taste cool haircut stay out of my way stay out of mine
We almost enough for a jump
I'm gonna head to a reality where no one has facial hair in the land of the blind when I get my hop
I'm off to a dimension where racism is cool idiots. You gotta figure plans in one jump. Oh, yeah, and what's your big plan?
I mean after I teabag your mom
Don't even have a mom
Oh
Where's your boss up your button around the corner that's where this barrel is going if you don't start talking
Your butt
Oh
We did was shoot you man you can't take that personally
We fight it here you were always a good customer. Yeah, you always had exact change ready
Oh
They caught me arcade Morty
I'm dying
It's gonna be okay. I
Know a doctor. Oh
Huh?
Hopefully not before I have to burn to death
No medical degree, but I've read enough to know one's an okay death and one is terrible
Ah flames aren't getting any closer. Oh, it's like it'll definitely be the bleeding out one
Hi pal off to the big men's school in the sky
Sorry, they make me do this to bully me. Oh shaming to clarify. I'm sorry about the needle prick overall
I agree with what they're doing here
Our arcade Morty
Rich shard Sanchez
When I associate here told me that strange little Marty town had themselves a pet brick with a farm for the cloning equipment
My interest was peak cloning equipment. You see what we have here gentlemen. Yeah is a prince in the guise of a papa
Why not only is this little Henry boy not a clone?
He's also the Citadel's former head of Morty replication
Morty cloning scientists the best Morty cloning scientist and from the looks of these boys
He's still got it Richard Richard and I thought I love my job
This is such a head fuck rake out the bubbly
Get your mouth round it that place a good curly fray. Oh you've been there
So you're not even a clone
Are you doing with your life? I don't belong anywhere else kid?
You don't want to be an evil Citadel guy so instead you live next to a bunch of cloned morties on an asteroid
Wow, you're so different never said I was a good guy
Oh now
That ain't no way to talk to your father
This is non clone piece of shit now. We don't need to be so unpleasant with each other
I'd love to offer you your own job back. I'll take it hit the switch
It's right. I'm no better than any of you. I'm just self-loathing about it
See there I told you he was good
Oh
Look how you turn down
Not giving myself credit go make some memories that aren't fabricated
Oh
Come on
Well now that's a very expensive elevator ride you just took my plans were always bigger than one jump
No need for that drop the accent. Where you say man? That's your real voice
Descones an eschatore whip yon
Oh
You certainly are a bird
My saddle you're a joke. I'm whatever I want to be
That's the freedom of life as a clone you wouldn't know someone made you with
Seix all those sweaty parts and nipple it bits you disgust me
It's over man. Your dreams about to be gumbo get your mouth
Round it you know me
But father oh
No, no, you're under the delusion of something called the otermith
Truth is any big project is made in collaboration
Lots of delegating I sort of gave notes. I don't want to hear this good news
You don't have to or a war son
You
What do we do now go home we decide where home is for each of us
That old homesteader wanted us to make memories for ourselves no Morty towns or citadels or or huddling together
It's time to grow up
Feel me
I
Hey
Your Rick around I think my Morty drops his fidget spinner down here
I'm telling you I checked everywhere else what I swear to God if I check between the seats of our car
I check between the seats oh
Shit Morty check it out. I think this little dude killed his Rick. You really think so yeah
Well, look there's a grave he buried him out front as a warning. Yeah ice cold
Is that a second smaller grave burnt down his house too starting to think we should have stuck around
I didn't kill
Told you I checked between seats when you're right you're right Morty told you I admit that kind of stuff now
And I can admit you're right about that Rick. You're really changing
Assholes
I
Did you get any of that